# Challenge 2 - 2024

It's time for the second challenge of Fermyon's Summer of Spin 2024! 😎 
Do checkout [challenge 1](https://github.com/fermyon/summer-of-spin/tree/main/challenge-1), if this is your first time hearing about Summer of Spin!


## Spec
It's summer time! It's all about vacations and enjoying the beautiful weather outdoors. Finally, a group of friends found time to take a trip that they have been putting off for months! However, they don't want to deal with planning every part of the trip. Your task is to leverage a LLM to help them build a perfect itinerary to enjoy the season. That itinerary should then be persisted in a key-value store for them to refer later when they go on the trip.

The output generated by the model is not assessed but the HTTP response is, as discussed below.

The users will be able to give some input such as destination, duration, type of trip and number of people. Use the help of an LLM to plan the perfect getaway! You will have to create a unique `tag` to retrieve (stored as`tag:<GENERATED ITINERARY>` in key-value store) the generated result later.

The users will send a POST request to `/plan-my-trip` in JSON format.
```json
{
    "destination": "Banff",
    "duration": "1 week",
    "num_people": "four",
    "activities": ["hiking", "camping", "long drive", "food"]
    
}
```

You will have to create a prompt out the JSON data given along with the request to feed it to the LLM model to generate the itinerary
An example prompt template might be the following:
```
PROMPT = " Create a summer vacation detailed itinerary trip to go to <destination> for a <duration>. <num_people> people will be going on this trip planning to do <activities>"
```
Do explore different ways to generate the best outcome from the model :D

The expected return type must be a `201` response as follows:

```json
{
    "tag" : <GENERATED ITINERARY>
}
```
The header type must contain `Content-Type: application/json`

To reference a previously generated itinerary, a user can send a `GET` request to the same endpoint with the `/<tag>` route. The itinerary is then retrived from the key-value store where it is cached using its tag. The response should have a `200` response code and be formatted as follows: 

```json
{
    "tag": <GENERATED ITINERARY>
}
```

Don't forget to put your "spinscreen" on (pun intended)! and Happy vacation! :D

## Helpful Links
1. [Fermyon's Serverless AI feature](https://www.fermyon.com/serverless-ai)
2. [Fermyon's key-value introduction blog post](https://www.fermyon.com/blog/introducing-fermyon-cloud-key-value-store)
